welcome to sam's business growth show
i'm sam dunning a digital marketing
sales and business growth evangelist
tune in and subscribe today as i'll be
interviewing business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe you'll be learning their story
how digital marketing has helped them
along the way and exclusive tips
insights to help you skyrocket your own
business
[Music]
hello and welcome back to a fresh
episode of sam's
business growth show excited today to be
joined by
neil schaefer nielsen authority on
helping innovative
businesses digitally transform their
sales and their marketing
he's the founder of the digital
marketing consultancy pdca social and
he's fluent in japanese
and mandarin chinese news a popular
keynote speaker
he's spoken at four continents in more
than a dozen countries he's also
also the author of four sales and
marketing books including the recently
published the age of influence
and you've got to check out his podcast
maximize your social influence
for marketing inspiration neil very warm
welcome sir hey thank you very much for
having me sam i'm doing awesome i uh
i was actually up at 6 30 for a podcast
interview earlier this morning so
i'm already here man i'm already up on
my third cup of coffee and it's only 8
a.m so it's going to be a wild day
goodbye goodbye looking forward to it so
today neil
the focus is on influencer marketing and
if it really is worth it so we've got
some juicy questions for
you to answer for our audience to learn
from york itself and really dive deep
into
what roi influencer marketing can bring
on to the table and what kind of brands
and businesses should be looking at it
to leverage and get a return
but before we get into that good stuff
neil for anyone that doesn't know neil
shafer
please give us a quick couple minutes
background on your good self how you got
into business and if there's a story
you'd like to share with us please do so
sir
well i have been a uh digital and social
media marketing author speaker
consultant
blogger podcaster uh i actually teach at
a few
universities i teach executives for
you know now it's going on more than a
decade so 11 12 years i actually
launched my first blog back in 2008 and
very appropriately
it was based on the subject of linkedin
which we're broadcasting live now on so
that's pretty cool
uh before all of that uh obviously i've
written a few books and i've spoken a
lot of conferences
uh in london i spoke at this conference
called the i strategy conference for
those that might remember several
moons ago and uh written four books the
most recent one being the age of
influence which is all about influencer
marketing
you know social media is something when
i started my career it didn't exist
so my background before that is b2b
sales biz dev
in technology in asia and it was really
that holistic business experience and
and being you know a country manager and
being responsible for everything which
gave me really good holistic business
experience so i'm not
i'm not the seasoned uh marketer like
uh you know i don't have the traditional
marketing background it's more of a
sales background
but it's given me more of a very
data-driven approach you know number
centric
and really trying to cut through the
fluff to get impact in everything we do
so uh when i started working with
companies back in 2010
i was also learning as i went along but
uh you know ten years into it now
um i feel very comfortable obviously
speaking and writing
and teaching marketing but yeah i'm a
sales turned
marketer good on you man and uh it's so
much
the same boat as myself uh a salesman at
heart
but love love digital marketing love
love to get getting early when we need
to and analyze that data and get our
clients results cool man
so um jumping straight into it is
influence and marketing really worth it
so i'll be blunt neil my
my knowledge of influence and marketing
isn't that strong i tend to focus on the
web
seo digital marketing side of things
along the south so when i think of this
influencer marketing and some some of
the audience tuning in might think the
same i think of
in um instagram posts with um perhaps a
good looking lady a good looking bloke
advertising something some kind of
commercial some kind of
simple to buy product um just posing
with it and then putting a link to the
director by page now
i might be way off the mark but what
really is influencer marketing in there
am i right or am i completely off sam
you are my target audience because that
is the con that is the concept
that 99 of marketers have about
influencer marketing
they think it's a one-time transaction
with someone they've never heard of
they pay a lot of money to it generates
a lot of vanity metrics and has zero
business value right
and is this even for real uh this is
what i hear from
a lot of marketers so when i began
writing this book and it's
you know a two or three year process i
began because i was getting lots of
questions about
influencers influencer marketing and as
i dug deeper into it
i realized that most marketers have been
misled miseducated and they're really
missing out on
the power that influencer marketing has
for any business even b2b industries
and it really starts with and and this
goes back and you know sam you work with
a lot of companies as well and and so do
i as a consultant
it really goes back to okay so it it's
i launch a website check i understand
the concepts of search engine
optimization i understand that i could
do you know paid pay-per-click you know
we're all doing that right
email marketing marketing automation
check some aspect of content marketing
blogging you know lead magnet
content creation check and then we have
social media
and for most businesses today social
media
does not pay the bills right or organic
reach for businesses
is pretty much close to dead and now
over the last few years we've seen
companies go okay well
i'll just put a lot of money into
facebook ads or linkedin and that's all
good
but that's paid media and i think when
we as marketers got really excited about
social media
back in the early days when you know
your facebook page actually had reach
was this notion of word-of-mouth
marketing was the notion that
once we're in social media word of mouth
is going to help spread right we're
going to go viral now that doesn't
happen today
but on the flip side vis-a-vis social
media
you know it's become pay-to-play for
businesses but for content creators for
people they are getting tremendous
traction
so much so that they outperform brands
and now we have
this whole generation of influencers
that have massive
audiences on the likes of instagram but
it's also youtube
uh you could also say the same with
linkedin or twitter or facebook or any
different network
um content creators that have showed up
they've been able to create
communities around a certain topic that
they're
you know an expert in or passionate
about or what have you so
you know as i was writing the book i
realized this isn't just instagram this
is any social network
and then i look back at well what about
when brands were reaching out to
bloggers we called that you know blogger
outreach reaching out to mommy bloggers
right if we wanted to get the word out
about our
our product whatever it was that's
influencer marketing
affiliate marketing that's influencer
marketing you're tapping into people
that have a digital footprint podcasting
when you try to interview
influencers in hopes that they expose
your podcast to their community or you
get additional credibility from working
with an influencer
that is influencer marketing so we're
the whole idea here is that
we're tapping into other people in hopes
of
either getting exposed to their
community or maybe leveraging this
influence as a content creator
to help improve our content and
businesses b2b businesses
every time you invite an influencer on a
webinar right or
expert interview or podcast it's all
part of the same thing
so once you realize that i don't know
how you can get traction organically in
social media
without working with influencers in fact
even linkedin
will tell you hey your post got 100
views why not try mentioning someone
right
the magic in social media happens when
you collaborate with others
and if people are already talking about
you in social media if you're a big
consumer brand that's awesome
but for most businesses if people are
not talking about you in social media
you are a hidden entity and the only way
to get people to talk about you
is through influencer marketing thanks
no you've made that a lot
simpler for me to understand and i love
the fact you mentioned about tapping
into people
and it's interesting that my perception
of it
so like i mentioned with the instagram
the classic picture of a good-looking
girl or man with the domestic product
the link was a little bit far off um
it's now you've given us quite a few
other channels like webinars
blog posts and so on that could actually
be related to
the influencer side of things cool so
if a business or a person wanted to or a
brand wanted to get started with
influencer
marketing nil how how should they go go
about it
um especially if they're working with a
let's say quite a modest or small
very little budget how can how can we
get stuck into it
so my suggestion and i write about this
in my book because
i do not come from the influencer
marketing industry right i don't have
i'm not this you know i don't get paid
whenever you hire an influencer
i'm not pushing a marketplace or
anything so but what i do know is that
the industry itself
defines influence by number of instagram
followers
so they used to say you know even micro
influencers are valuable these are
people that have 10 000 followers which
are still
you know a big following but more
recently
even the industry has said there's value
in working with nano influencers these
are people that have at least 1 000
followers
so in my book i said okay one of the
problems that businesses have and that
picture you painted of that good-looking
bloke that
you know you don't even know who the
heck he is but you'll you'll pay him
money
um i think those days are beginning to
end
and what smart companies are doing and
my recommendation to get started is
if we can define influence that one
thousand follower level there's a lot of
people that are already in your sphere
of influence
that already like know and trust your
business that
you can leverage for influencer
marketing so i so
you know who already likes knows and
trusts your business we start with a
social listening tool
who's already talking about your company
or your products right
we then go into our followers now
different social networks allow us to
you know analyze our followers in
different ways
but if we can find out who our followers
are we actually might find that there
are nano influencers hidden among them
as is commonly the case
we then look into our customers right
do we have any customers that are nano
influencers if you have an email address
you can use an appending service to find
social profiles
and literally see if if there are
influencers lurking among your customers
uh what about our partners especially if
you're a b2b company you have
system integrators and value-added
resellers and distributors and partners
are any of those influential in digital
and then believe it or not sam you have
your employees right and if you're a b2b
if you're a b2b company you know you
have sales people that have a few
thousand linkedin connections because
it's in their nature to do it
then it then those you need to figure
out how to tap into their influence
right as an organization and we've had
things like brand advocacy
you know tapping into customers we've
had employee advocacy
but they really haven't treated people
as influencers
so instead of saying we have this great
content where you share it
it's more about having a collaboration
saying how can we support you
right is there any content that we're
missing what sort of content would you
like to share
can you help us create content and i
think that's where
and and you know hey let's give let us
help give you some training on personal
branding
oh you want to get you want to start a
blog we'll help you you know we'll train
you on that
it's that investment in people right
instead of investing in zuckerberg and
facebook with facebook ads
it's investing in people some of them
customers some of them employees some of
them just
fans and developing a program from that
and that program can go a lot of
different ways right
it could be content amplification it
could be content co-creation
it could just be getting feedback i mean
there's a lot of different ways in which
we can work with these people but i
believe having that sort of program
you begin to literally create an army of
nano influencers
that can help you for a variety of
marketing objectives interesting
okay all right neil cool so it sounds
like so a lot of a lot of our audience
are gonna have linkedin profiles not all
but i'm sure a lot of tuning in or
watching
will have a linkedin profile um so
how can let's say we've got i don't know
five hundred a thousand some of us might
have five thousand plus connections
how can we leverage that are there some
actionable tips neil that we can
actually use to leverage our existing
contacts or existing connections
to start doing influence and marketing
and what are some examples of how we
could put
our um connection base into work or pick
someone who's perhaps got more
connections than us
maybe twenty thousand ten thousand plus
and then utilize
their market share to grow our business
to get more leads to get more brand
exposure or whatever our mission is with
the with the
um with the influencer marketing
campaign yeah so there's obviously a lot
of different ways to work together
i think it really starts with having
that conversation
because at the end of the day the sales
background of me says what's in it for
me
and what is it what is it for that why
would that person want to work with you
which is why
if you give if you begin with people
that already know your company or work
at your company
it's a much easier conversation to have
right sales people
can actually monetize their influence
which is why they're
they should be especially if they're
active on linkedin they should be the
ones that that would be more active hey
for instance you know
if you share this content we're going to
tag it with you with your name
and it's going to go into you know we're
going to be able to remarket to these
people
and once we close the deal it's actually
going to help you
scale your presence by
um you know everything we do to support
you digitally so that it's actually
going to help you get more leads
right and and you're going to get a
higher bonus for doing that and we're
going to create the content that's going
to help you do that
you know would you be interested in
sharing more of that content if you
think it's going to help you get more
business
for instance right it's really you know
having these conversations
and understanding that person may say
you know what i don't post
um professional stuff on linkedin i just
post personal stuff and then it's a
it's a conversation about personal
branding of you know it's
probably in your best interest just mix
some professional content with your
personal content
and you know these are things we know
that other salespeople share that have
led to business
for instance so it's this sort of a
conversation that
makes it very clear that there is a
benefit in collaborating
and hey you know you want to get more
exposure why don't we interview for a
blog
and we'll get you more exposure and you
can share that with your customers and
your network and it's going to make you
look good and you could share your
message and it's going to help us look
good as well because we're you know
we're celebrating our employees so
a few different ways uh depending on
your objective it could be hey we're
having an event we want to fill the
seats or fill the virtual seats um
or we're looking for a speaker or hey
we're looking to find
customers to uh help contribute to an
e-book or writing
can you help reach out to some of your
customers maybe do a little shout out
over social media
to help us find these stories from your
customers so it's it's
you know i think that a lot of the stuff
especially sales people they're doing
offline they're getting you know
referrals they're sharing information
with with their customers what have you
if they can translate to doing that
online digitally
that's where i think there's a lot of
power it's going to help them and
obviously it helps the company
helps their marketing power as well got
it okay so it sounds like
if you're actually a company looking for
an influencer you'd want to have that
conversation
up front to actually find out if that if
the content they're putting out aligns
with
the product or the service that you
offer
and in fact before that you want to try
to get to know them right you actually
want to look at their content
if your content appeared in their feed
would it be natural if you comment do
they comment back if you follow that
they follow by these are all
signals that you can look at to see
number one can i build a digital
relationship with this person do they
have an interest in me
and then number two to be able to as we
say slide into the dm
and be able to have that conversation
hey you know we're building a new
program we you know working with content
creators and influencers
we'd love to consider you for that you
know do you collaborate with brands or
businesses
um if so how do you do it if not how why
might we be able to work together so
that it's a win-win
it's really having those sorts of
relationships instead of saying
you know hey we'll send you a 25 amazon
gift card if you give us your opinion on
our product um that might be a slap in
the face to a lot of influencers who
might charge a lot of a lot more or or
maybe they're not in it for the money
right it's
it's it's their professional and they
build influence naturally but they're
not looking to you know
make five pounds here you know 10 pounds
there
um getting a new sale might be a lot
more beneficial or
improving their personal branding for
their next job might be
a heck of a lot greater roi for them
than a 10 or 20 pound
you know gig so these you will not know
until you actually have a conversation
with that person but it's when you start
to build this program and you have
multiple conversations with multiple
people and then you you get that word of
mouth going that's really where the
power
uh i think kicks in neil this is great
mate and you're really laying down
in simple terms kind of the mediums the
channels that influence marketing can be
done on
and the importance of kind of having
that upfront conversation
with the potential influencer and
working out how it can be done
and probably not offering them a 10 or
25 good on amazon like they say it might
be a bit
a little bit of a slap in the face
exactly
yeah i just want to say and most
marketers try the spray and pray
approach
they just send the same message to 100
people and it it
i cannot emphasize enough this has to be
personalized it has to be almost a pr
approach or
actually it's more of a sales approach
you know you're going to find 100 people
that you want to collaborate with
you're not going to convert on all of
them half of them won't even respond
right
it's it's just like sales you may only
convert a few percent of them
but if you convert the right people can
be really powerful but you have to have
that sales mentality that one-to-one
mentality
if you really want to do this well that
makes sense
so let's say we've we've got an
influencer lined up
um we're happy we've built some kind of
agreement we've worked out the channels
that we're going to work with them on
perhaps it's podcast perhaps it's
webinars
blog content perhaps linkedin instagram
content whatever channels we've agreed
on
what kind of roi what kind of return
what's going to be the cash in the bank
the brand building the leads
what can we expect from this kind of
exercise neil
so there are um there are link tools
right and i'm not talking like about a
bitly but um there's a
a great tool i think it's called
everflow that
you know no matter where the influencer
talks about you it's sort of like an
affiliate link
right so there are ways of digitally
saying hey
when you share this content with your
community can you please
use this link so that we can track
performance and it it's a win-win
because the more you perform
the more that we're going to work with
you the more we're going to invest in
the relationship right
it also helps us understand your
influence greater etc etc
some may back at doing that but i think
people that have true influence
shouldn't right
um and and that is where you get your
roi
um now if you're only having someone
post something on instagram you're not
going to get many clicks
right so it also depends on the social
network but if you structure in a way
where the roi and this is getting new
leads well you need to create
a program that actually generates leads
probably you know more than instagram
maybe a blog post might be more
beneficial i don't know it depends on
you know every company's a little bit
different
but if you architect it in a way where
you know for other companies in all
honesty
like b2b companies spend what 30 40 of
their budget on content
if i can work with an influencer and
they can create the content for me
uh i'm actually might be saving money
right so instead of
you know agencies are great don't get me
wrong and
your agency's doing a great job but when
it comes to creative content
right or maybe blog posts or
you know what have you or video it might
make sense and it might actually be less
expensive
to work directly with an influencer that
we think influences our audience
and leverage their content as part of
our content so there's many many
different ways of looking at roi right
if you are working together on an event
like a webinar
then obviously you know you give them a
dedicated link once again
and people that they invite to the
webinar if they
turn into leads generated then you've
generated a lead from that influencer
relationship so
there's many ways to i mean it's all
digital so it's measurable right
but it all comes down to your objectives
and you're creating that you're
architecting the system
that's going to help you measure it yeah
that makes sense and i guess it's about
mapping out up front what you actually
want to get out of it so whether it's
leads from a landing page to maybe book
a demo with your software company
or whether it's like you say webinar
sign ups or whether it's something else
agreeing that up front and then setting
in place the foundation whether it's a
trackable link or whether it's something
else to actually make sure that
you can measure that return yeah
i remember my friend coca sexton who uh
i forget where he works now he used to
be in charge of social selling that
linkedin
and early on in his career he said you
know what i wanted to track the
performance of my sales people in social
media
so we just created separate landing
pages for each sales person
right so if you were to create a
separate landing page for each
influencer
you would be very clear as to how well
they perform right so
it really is it's it's like oh oh we
forgot to give you the landing page url
week into the campaign
you're gonna shoot yourself in the foot
so really think and really architect it
out and map it
and i think you'll be able to see that
because it's all digital
it's all measurable got it man okay
and in terms of the the type of
resources that we should actually assign
to
an influencer campaign is it how long is
a piece of string
is it what do we want to get out of it
and is there anything that we've not
covered nil
in terms of how businesses or companies
brands can get the maximum results
with an influencer partnership and if
they should even do it
yeah so i think they should um and i
think in many ways it's going to replace
your organic social media your organic
social media becomes
collaborating with influencers and as
they create more content
you can leverage that content where you
begin to publish more and more
user-generated content right
in addition to whatever content you're
creating so i think over time what
happens is
you're you're building this relationship
with multiple people
and it's sort of the 80 20 rule that
probably 20
of these influencers are going to drive
80 of the results
so maybe at some point and i know a lot
of companies actually have contracts
it's like an annual contract we're going
to work together for 12 months
we're going to provide you training
maybe there's there's an affiliate
relationship i mean i don't know right
but
for the next 12 months you know let's do
this and and let's help each other
and after that 12 months is over you may
decide you know what this influencer
they never published much content or
they never responded to my emails you
know they got busy they just stopped
participating
or they just didn't have that influence
or maybe the relevance or whatever it is
but
the performance just really wasn't that
well um
i think at that point you actually want
to work more people into your program
right
so after a year you may say you know
what um we're not going to renew the
contract with the second year we'll keep
in touch and see how things go but
um you know we're going to uh
you know we're trying to optimize our
program whatever thing you want to say
but i think it's always important to
bring new people in as well
and really having that data-driven
approach and hopefully over time
you begin to see which influencers work
well on on you know which social
networks which content mediums
um and and from there you you know it
begins to be this data driven
you know a b testing uh strategy that uh
you know most digital marketers are very
familiar with but instead of
programmable ad units or keywords we're
now looking at people and how they
perform
got it got it okay neil and in terms of
results is there a typical
duration in which you can see results
from a influencer campaign or is it
is it completely variable depending on
the format depending on the end goal
whether it's a webinar sign ups whether
it's landing page leads
and so on and so forth is it generally a
long term game like six months or so
just like with us in terms of seo and
that kind of work or is it
is it completely variant depending on
what's going on with the campaign
it it's obviously very variant and
generally speaking in marketing i mean
if we could do this and become
millionaires
tomorrow i mean everyone will be doing
it right so it always takes time
i think with influencers what's
interesting is they already have a
community
sure so if they were able to expose your
company to their community it actually
could
have impactful results very very quickly
but what takes time
is developing the relationship right and
figuring out a way to work
together and constructing that campaign
and then working together
them actually creating the content you
approving the content them actually
publishing the content
so with that in mind it does take time
but because they already have a built-in
audience
assuming that the relevance is there
right and assuming that that influencer
is really good at content creation and
talking about your product
in an authentic way obviously results
could happen very very quickly and i
think that's the
one of the exciting things about
influencer marketing but you know i
it is you don't have to necessarily pay
money free product especially at the
nano influencer level can go very far
but it it is a form of paid media right
so you should be comparing it
with your ads with your facebook ads
with your pay-per-click and i you know
the the data shows that companies do it
really well see tremendous roi
awesome man neil this has been an
enjoyable conversation
and really appreciate you breaking down
influencer marketing
even for someone that doesn't know as
well just like me and everyone tuning in
um i'd like to ask everyone that comes
on neil have you got a digital marketing
channel of choice
that people should be tapping into to
see results for themselves and their
business
well it's a great question i've really
been focusing recently
on discoverable content and what i mean
by this
is if we think about as marketers
where can we publish digital content
right there's basically four content
mediums
you have text which is a blog and every
company here should have a blog
you have video which is youtube you have
a photograph
and i mean it's more than that but
that's you know when we think about
instagram we think of the photograph and
obviously photo is really everywhere on
social you can leverage it
and then you have the audio which is
podcast and i think you know now that
we're in our second decade of social
media
you know the content just does not live
there very long
so i see companies and people just spend
a lot of time crafting content
that is here today gone tomorrow and
then i look at things like
i mean everybody has a blog like i said
but i look at things like youtube
and i look at podcasts and these are two
content mediums where not everybody
you know i think there's what 600
million blogs but only 30 million
youtube channels and only one million
podcasts
so you know i i begin to look at
the differences in the mediums and the
differences in the supply and demand and
maybe instead of always looking at the
latest and greatest thing with instagram
or whatever social network
we should really be focusing on those
bigger content mediums where our content
lives
a lot longer specifically youtube and
podcasting
and i think i still think that there are
tremendous opportunities obviously they
require a special skill set
but um you know i'm bullish and that's
where i'm investing
my time and i'm working with clients
that already have the blog
they're already doing social they're
like what's next um that and
obviously influencer marketing would be
the next natural progression
in social media but i'd really be
looking at at youtube and podcasting if
you're a business today
couldn't agree more couldn't agree more
i mean the great thing that we've found
i've found with podcasting youtube is
that
just like you say you can repurpose the
content so once you've built a podcast
you've interviewed a guest
and you can then repurpose that into a
blog into video content
into short form content to put on
linkedin or any social channel so it's
got so much replay value
and like you say it's there on the
internet so then anyone can tune in
it can then bring them to you it can
help build your brand credibility
and your trust and much more yeah you
know i this is really
top of mind i actually did a webinar
yesterday on podcasting
and you know the average listener
of podcasts will consume like i think
it's six or seven
hours of content a week
so when people see your photo on
instagram it's instantaneous right
when people you know read your blog i
don't know how much time you people stay
on your site but it's normally a few
minutes
even a youtube video it's going to be
hard to get people to watch more than 10
minutes generally speaking
but people will stay on for a podcast 20
30 minutes for 45 minutes an hour
so when we compare the content mediums
the podcasting is where
you're going to get more time uh with
with a social media user
and you're going to be able to create a
more intimate relationship from doing
that i think that's a really powerful
stat
that most marketers who aren't involved
in podcasts and maybe personally don't
listen to podcasts
don't understand but they should really
start the process of trying to better
understand this as a
as a really important marketing medium
nice one neil so if you're sitting on
the fence about
kicking off your own podcast now's the
time tap into that market and get stuck
in
all right neil really appreciate it man
you've been tuning in to sam's business
growth show where we sit down with
business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe we find out their story how
digital marketing has helped along the
way
and their exclusive tips and insights to
help you skyrocket yourselves and scar
your business if you could thank just
one person neil either dead or alive
having a positive influence on yourself
and your career
who would that be and why uh well it
would have to be my father
who actually uh passed away just um
well five months ago who was an
incredible influence on my life he was
an educator
he was an intellect he always wanted me
to challenge myself he always supported
me
and without uh without him i
wouldn't be he was also an entrepreneur
and an educator so i i feel like i'm
i've sort of walked in the same
footsteps so
yeah just um someone that's had a
tremendous impact in my life
good man really sorry for your loss man
especially being so soon so i'm sure
that's a real nice tribute
thank you my friend neil thanks again
for coming on
if anyone wants to learn from you
connect with you
check out your books tell us the best
way to get in touch and learn from neil
shafer
sure will my website is neilshafer.com
and i am neil schaefer everywhere in
social media so i am the real
neil that's n-e-a-l and schaefer is
spelled s-c-h-a-f-f-e-r
the name of my book is called the age of
influence if you want to learn more
about this
this concept of digital influence and
how to leverage it for your business
and i also have a podcast which talks
about this called the maximize
your social influence podcast
awesome man and if you've enjoyed the
show be sure to hit subscribe on sam's
business growth show
on your podcast channel of choice be it
youtube
be it spotify be apple podcast stitch
wherever the heck you get your podcast
from
uh we interview tons of business leaders
each and every week to help you start
for yourselves and your business neil
thank you once again sir oh thank you
that's having fun there
take care man all right thank you cheers
are you tired of constantly hunting for
new customers
you could be missing out on regular
inbound opportunities all because your
website isn't on the first page of
google
perhaps you're already spending lots of
money on advertising but your website is
failing to convert
all of your hard-earned visitors into a
consistent flow
of new customers if you'd like to learn
more about our unusual approach
that brings idle clients straight to you
connect with sam dunning on linkedin
or book a free 20-minute consultation
via webchoiceuk.com
that's webchoiceuk.com
subscribe today for more digital
marketing sales and business growth tips
from the experts